The girl woke with a start. Her aching hand moved from the cold ground of leaves and dirt
and traveled to her torso. She felt something sticky -- a thick liquid -- when she touched
her clothes. She looked down, a red substance coated her hands and splashed on her clothes.
Her already muddled brain became even more confused and a startled gasp escaped her mouth.
Looking around, she saw herself surrounded by dense orange-brown foliage, and she was 
sitting in a clearing of sorts. The coldness of the air woke her and she no longer felt
drowsy. She began to pull herself up. She needed to figure out what just happened and 
more importantly who she was. 

She first decided to get up. Looking around her surroundings, she figured that she was in a forest. The last thing she remembered was that she was running away from a monster.

She tried to remember the details of this monster. She remembered a maroon, thick skinned beast with limbs as thick as tree trunks. She also remembered feeling a presence everytime he appeared. All of a sudden, she started feeling this presence!


As the girl spun around to face the monster, she felt a light touch on her back. She scrambled to find its source, and was suddenly face to face with a
creature who, by all accounts, should have made her scream. A rough, thick tecture permeated it's blood-colored skin, and its jaws were unlike any she had
ever seen. "I did not expect you to awake so soon...", it mused. Its voice matched the roughness of its coat, and for a moment the girl could do nothing
but stare in disbelief. Then, with all the strength her legs could give her, she ran. A horrific shriek followed her steps, but she dared not look back.

While running, the girl had so many thoughts in her head. WHO IS SHE? WHY IS A MONSTER CHASING AFTER
HER? WHERE IS SHE? WHAT IS GOING ON? She wacked her head in desperation to answer the most important
question of her identity. She remembered everything else; like basic math, reading, and motor skills
but she did not have even an inkling of an personal memory or what her name is. Her brain was in pain
and very muddled.

Hearing the growls from the monster behind her, she quicken up her pace, surprised that her legs 
could keep up with her desired speed. She ran and ran and ran. She didn't dare look behind her.
In what seemed like hours but what she knows has to be several minutes, she began to run out of 
the dense forest, with the trees thinning by the second. "Fallon?!", a voice cried out. She 
tentatively look up towards the sound. Her eyes found a figure standing many meters away
on a hill of grass. She sighed slightly contentedly, and ran harder towards the figure. 

She couldn't hear the monster anymore but still ran as hard as she could. "Help!!!!" She yelled 
towards the stranger and in desperation, she tripped and began crawling  to the figure,
which she could tell was a guy by now, on her hands and feet. Her hands clung clumsily to the 
blades of grass and dirt, climbing the hill. 

The guy was hurriedly making his way towards her. "Guys? Its Fallon!", he beckoned to a group of
people behind him, just away from the girl's sight, "I am coming Fallon!". 

"Thank God I found you Fallon!" The guy said when he helped the girl up once they finally got to
each other.

 The girl, bone-tired and aching all over, frantically said,"you've got to help me! There was a 
monster and it was chasing me! I woke up and the monster came and I ran! It chased me here
and I really need your help!"

The guy cocked his head to the side, squinted, and then looked into the girl's eyes."What do you mean
Fallon? I know about the monster and I was looking for you?"

The girl spoke through a parched throat, "who is Fallon?".

"You are. You don't remember?".

She heaved a sigh mixed with confusion and relief. "I don't. I really don't. I don't know who I am. 
I woke up to pretty much nothing. I am Fallon?"

"Yes you are" The guy looked into her eyes with something perplexed. The look seemed to be searching 
for her soul.

At this moment, the group behind them huddled around them. One of them spoke,"Are you okay Fallon?"
She hesitated before nodding. The guy's stare is still locked on her when he spoke, "there is a 
problem guys. She can't remember anything".

It was the group's turn to look bewildered. "WHAT?" "You really can't remember anything?" Voices
mixed together. 

"Nope, I really can't" She answered, "I am sorry". 

She explained briefly what happened and continued with, "I still don't know why there was a monster,
and how I got there. I don't even know who you guys are and even your names. I am really sorry".

The group stared at her, not believing that someone they knew didn't remember them.

 "We are monster hunters", the guy said. "And I am your boyfriend, Bentley".

The girl, Fallon, turned around to gaze at the forest she just ran out. The monster wasn't there but
she could feel its presence looming. She was no longer scared, but happy. Confused but happy. She
now knows who she is. SHE is Fallon. And she was a monster hunter.The rest can come later.  

